Your love has been quiet
Obviously enough
Jiang Yurou, it turns out that what you have been looking for is to sing for you
You didn't sing those songs at all
The reason why I have been singing for you all these years
It's because of my broken throat
So I came up with this plan
So many years
You have countless opportunities to confess to me
Why don't you say it?
He actually asked me for advice
I lied to everyone for so many years
That's disgusting, even if other stars ask for advice
There are special reasons for that
And it will also give fans an explanation.
There will be compensation.
Jiang Yurou is like this.
It's all about bringing listeners
Be fooled by a fool
Yeah, why is this guy like this?
Who?
That's not true.
I have a reason too
I was injured because of my sister-in-law
That's why I found an advocate
I am for everyone's sense of public security
I didn't mean to.
That being the case
Why are you deceiving everyone?
Why not let everyone know
All these years, there has been an alternate dynasty behind you